Free for Personal Use License

 

UpdateHub is available for use by the individual or entity
downloading or using the licensed material ("Licensee")
under the following terms and conditions.

 

1. Grant of License:

Licensor (The creator of UpdateHub) grants Licensee a
non-exclusive, non-transferable, and revocable license to
use the licensed material for personal, non-commercial
purposes only. This license allows Licensee to use and
display UpdateHub for personal activities on personal
devices or other non-commercial activities only.

 

2. Prohibited Actions:

Licensee shall not modify, adapt, translate, create
derivative works from, reverse engineer, decompile,
disassemble, or otherwise attempt to derive the licensed
material's source code or structure without the Licensor's
consent.

 

3. No Resale or Distribution:

Licensee shall not sell, sublicense, distribute, share, or
otherwise make the licensed material available to any third
party for commercial purposes or any form of compensation,
monetary or otherwise.

 

4. Attribution:

Licensee agrees to provide proper attribution to the
Licensor whenever using the licensed material in any
public-facing context like blogs and articles or any other
form of public discourse by indicating that the material is
used under a "Free for Personal Use License" developed by
KK-Designs and include a link to the repository
https://github.com/KK-Designs/UpdateHub

 

5. Intellectual Property:

Licensee acknowledges that the licensed material remains the
Licensor's intellectual property and is protected by
copyright and other intellectual property laws. This license
does not transfer any ownership rights to Licensee.

 

6. Termination:

Licensor reserves the right to modify or terminate this
license at any time. Upon change of license terms, Licensee
must continue using UpdateHub under the new terms. If the
new terms are unacceptable, they should cease using
UpdateHub and uninstall it from their system.

 

7. No Warranty:

The licensed material is provided "as is" without any
warranties, expressed or implied. Licensor makes no
representations or warranties regarding the accuracy,
reliability, or fitness for a particular purpose of the
licensed material.

 

8. Limitation of Liability:

In no event shall the Licensor be liable for any direct,
indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential
damages arising out of or in connection with the use of the
licensed material.

 

9. Governing Law and Jurisdiction:

This license shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of The United States of America and
shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts
in the State of California.

 

By downloading, accessing, or using UpdateHub, Licensee
acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the terms and
conditions of this License. If Licensee disagrees with these
terms, they should not download or use UpdateHub.

 

Licensor for UpdateHub is KK-Designs

Please address any inquiries related to custom licensing,
commercial licensing, or questions with current licensing
terms to kkart2007@gmail.com
